Copyright

This software is being provided to you, the licensee, by Ville Pulkki,
under the following license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this
software, you agree that you have read, understood, and will comply
with these terms and conditions: Permission to use, copy, modify and
distribute, including the right to grant others rights to distribute
at any tier, this software and its documentation for any purpose and
without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you agree to
comply with the following copyright notice and statements, including
the disclaimer, and that the same appear on ALL copies of the software
and documentation, including modifications that you make for internal
use or for distribution:

Copyright 1998 by Ville Pulkki, Helsinki University of Technology.  All
rights reserved.  

The software may be used, distributed, and included to commercial
products without any charges. 

This software is provided "as is", and Ville Pulkki or Helsinki
University of Technology make no representations or warranties,
expressed or implied. By way of example, but not limitation, Helsinki
University of Technology or Ville Pulkki make no representations or
warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose or
that the use of the licensed software or documentation will not
infringe any third party patents, copyrights, trademarks or other
rights. The name of Ville Pulkki or Helsinki University of Technology
may not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution
of the software.




